hey there everybody filter for android
central.com we're still at Mobile World
Congress and we're finally Nexus S booth
with the new asus fonepad so this is
essentially a seven inch metal nexus 7
within talented instead of stock android
you've got this is improvement so it's
an interesting little device technically
this is metal here on the back really
feels plasticky i'm going it's not like
a nice crust alone now this one I'm
holding does not have a camera alex has
one over here I just have a camera might
be that you're looking to buy these you
can get one with or without a lot of
places Hamburg there so here's this is a
UI I've always enjoyed a cc I think they
do a nice job with it app drawer is
stock but you'll notice down here at the
bottom there's not work button so these
are for their floating apps you push it
you see to have applications we're
widget see the completed and calculate
an email think about if I had one point
to the next Arizona gaps for widgets you
can you do actually
so all in all I mean it's a seven inch
IPS display its probe a 1280 by 800 so
we're used to that size so we can take a
power button volume rocker the top opens
up here with micro SD card the sim card
and then yes remember this will make
phone calls so there you go very quick
look happy new you some both have
everybody it's phil from android central
and if you want to help out the site and
look good go get the best damn android
teacher anywhere shop android com
you